# PBTCLI

A python based commandline utility to fetch the json representations from JIRA projects at [https://projects.bentasker.co.uk](https://projects.bentasker.co.uk) and display them as plain text.

Basically a tool for my own convenienve, allows me to grab data from projects/issues without leaving the comfort of my terminal. The JSON representations are generated by [JILS](https://github.com/bentasker/Jira-Issue-Listing) as of [JILS-43](https://projects.bentasker.co.uk/jira_projects/browse/JILS-43.html)

It's currently *very* rough and ready. Essentially, it's a proof of concept for a wider project that will implement similar capabilities in a single script encompassing most (if not all) of my web estate, so that I can grap snippets from [snippets.bentasker.co.uk](https://snippets.bentasker.co.uk) as well as check issues at [projects.bentasker.co.uk](https://projects.bentasker.co.uk). The realisation of that browserless dream is a little way off though.



## Usage

Commands can be parsed in one of three ways

* Piped (e.g. `echo projects | ./pbt_cli.py`)
* Interactivey (`./pbt_cli.py`)
* As arguments (`./pbt_cli.py projects`)


### General

    [Issue Key] - Display the named issue
    projects - List all projects


### Project views

    project [projkey] - List all issues for the specified project
    project [projkey] isopen - List only Open issues for the project
    project [projkey] type [types] - List only issues of type (multiple types can be space seperated)
    project [projkey] status [statuses] - List only issues with status matching list (multiple types can be space seperated) - Current known limitation - statuses with spaces won't work


### Project Versions

    projectver [projkey] [ver] - List all issues for the specified project version
    projectver [projkey] [ver] isopen - List only Open issues for the project version
    projectver [projkey] [ver] type [types] - List only issues of type (multiple types can be space seperated)
    projectver [projkey] [ver] status [statuses] - List only issues with status matching list (multiple types can be space seperated). Current known limitation - statuses with spaces won't work
    projectver [projkey] [ver] knownissues - List only known issues affecting specified version
    projectver [projkey] [ver] implements - List only issues implemented (or fixed) in the specified version

### Project Components

Known Issue - Component names with spaces in (so, sadly, most of mine) aren't supported

    projectcomp [projkey] [ver] - List all issues for the specified project component
    projectcomp [projkey] [ver] isopen - List only Open issues for the project component
    projectcomp [projkey] [ver] type [types] - List only issues of type (multiple types can be space seperated)
    projectcomp [projkey] [ver] status [statuses] - List only issues with status matching list (multiple types can be space seperated). Current known limitation - statuses with spaces won't work


### Issue View

    issue [Issue Key] - Display the named issue
    [Issue Key] - Shortcut to the above





## Copyright


PBTCli is Copyright (C) 2017 B Tasker. All Rights Reserved.
Released under the GNU GPL V2 License, see LICENSE.
